All right so last time I tell you that we were going to be fixing this right now if I go to a regular
user that we have made after the pass when scription lecture we can say we can see that it does have
a different password.
He has an encrypted path we're showing right here because these are long characters Anyways we don't
see it there but I know that it is like that because I meet those users.
So I'm just going to show you right here in the Users table you can see that the password here the images
make the user actually I raised them.
So if I go ahead and go to the page right here every user any user for example Demel 2000 or 2000 G-mail
and register.
Right.
Then we go to admin.
Actually we got to go here refresh we can see that it does have a big password right.
Well if we go to users and check on the user there we gonna see that it does have that password showing
there.
We don't one this password here we want the password that's coming from the form but at the same time
we also want to encrypt it.
Right.
Because right now if I go and change this to 2:59 that passwords not being encrypted.
All right.
And we can see that here if I refresh.
So when we made that change about the password encryption we need to kind of update our system to you
know.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Now we've got to go to add EDID user and that's going to be inside the Azman includes.
All right.
So here what we want to do is that we want to go ahead and use that.
Use encryption right here.
So we want to go in the inside the database.
We want to make a trip inside of data.
First pool pulao that this field right here if you want to go ahead and do the pulao these Rand column
or field or rec whatever you want to call it.
And once we pull it out then we need to use that function crypt.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
I got it already done for us.
So I'm just going to go ahead and paste here right here.
All right.
I'm going to explain it right now.
So before I make this query to update the user I mean this page right here right before I make the query
to the database I make another query and on this query here what I'm doing is I'm going inside the users
and I'm pulling out all.
So mean for me I'm going to pull out some information.
So once I check that everything go with a query I'm going to go to the database right now.
All right.
Right here.
So now this is going to go inside the database.
All right.
It's going to get the result back.
And I just going assign it to a row and then I'm going to take that sort out the value out in sight
into these variable salt.
All right.
Then I got to use the crypt function to grab the user password and the password right now is this one
here user password right.
So I put the password here because it takes two takes two parameters and then I put it together with
the salt.
All right.
Now one field here that I need to change is this field right here because this is going to be our new
encrypted password already.
So I'm just going to copy this and put it right here.
Paste it right now it don't get confused about this right here because what I usually do is I do a while
loop right.
I do a while loop and I have this inside the while loop like this.
And then I have all this in the middle here.
What I did was is that because we only have one resoled coming back I really don't need to loop through
the I really don't need to look through the table to get everything I just need one one result back.
All right.
So if you do the loop if you do the while loop it gets all of them.
I just need one.
He's got to take the first one he finds to this specific user.
The first one he finds on the table and of course we're going to be just looking for one only.
All right.
The first one.
So anyways so now that we do this we're good to go.
All right there's nothing else we got to do here.
As a matter of fact there is.
All right.
There is.
And that will be on the form right here.
We don't actually know.
That's fine.
You see now this is going to echo the user password the old one the one that's coming from the forum
right here.
All right.
That's the one that's going to be echoing down there.
So we're good to go.
Actually let's go ahead and try that now.
All right.
So let's go to users and I don't think we have any we are right but if we go ahead and do this day user.
That should encrypt the password but he's not doing it is because I'm missing something here.
Hash password and.
Yeah actually I'm not missing anything doing it but we're not see any here.
So let's go to the database right here.
All right.
So let's go ahead and refresh.
And now we can see it is actually encrypting it.
All right I lost myself there for a moment.
Times when you have a lot of code in front of you it could happen.
Right.
Especially when you call it all day.
Like I just did today.
Really tiring.
But anyway let's go ahead and make an user and see this in action.
All right.
Let's go ahead and create a new user right from here and let's just call this Demo 2000 automated actually
100 going to far right and G-mail and going back to G-mail password.
Actually let's make a really small will want to register.
Let's go back let's look at what we got.
We got this password right here at it and we can see that.
I want to turn into a big password.
Let's make it one two again.
UPDATE we can see that we only have that showing.
And when we go inside the database refresh we can see the big long PP-ASEL right here.
Right.
Actually yep yep that's it.
I thought it was Demo 2000.
I need my coffee guys.
But anyway we're done with this one here and on and that's when we're going to be working more on users
when we add a new user.
We want to go ahead and and maybe do some more notifications here.
But I think I think that we're good for now.
We might add another functionality here because if we are to use a unit like this it's going to add
the subscriber automatically even though they are a Add me for example.
I come here instead of the user I end if I come back to the user of your users come back here again
and I click again is going to go to subscribers.
All right we don't want that to happen so we are going to face down and Netflix